Mofowallet update

Supported coins and their embedded server versions:

 1. FIMK  0.3
 2. NXT   1.3.4

The decentralized public API servers can be observed and controlled from the 
settings menu (Option "Settings / Public Nodes"). It was unclear to users what 
this functionality is about and required some explanation. It also was too
developer centric and required a slight makeover not to confuse non developer
users.

Several fixes for the Messenger (available under the messages tab for each 
account) it now updates after entering your secret phrase decrypting your 
messages immediately. Fixed the problem where you were required to open your
wallet file to decrypt messages (when clicking inline unlock button) now users
can have the option to just enter their secret phrase. Changed css and 
added animations to the inline compose dialog, made several improvements to the 
composer controller.

Fixed a bug in the central rendering code where message transactions were 
incorrectly labeled as public key announcements. This affects both the accounts
section as well as the block explorer since they all use the central 
rendering code.

Changed the way inline messages are rendered in the accounts section. Long 
messages used to be cut off at a certain length, making the list of transactions
for an account more compact. Changed this to render the complete message inline,
makes the UI less compact but does show you all your transactions and messages
in one place without having to go to another screen. Will make things easier 
for the user especially when we'll complete making MofoWallet compatible with
mobile device screens.

Fixed several bootstrap/css issues in multiple places.

Authentication Plugin

  Several fixes to the Strong Authentication Plugin, the user landing page now 
  shows debug information for easier implementation. Eventually this debug 
  information can be turned on/off by merchants during their implementation
  phase. The authentication plugin offers strong proof of identity for merchants 
  that require their customers to identify themselves. The authentication plugin 
  is build ontop of FIMK Namespaced Aliases. The Krypto Fin ry non profit 
  association offers residents of Finland the option to electronically provide proof
  of their identify using strong authentication and permanently tag their FIMK account 
  as authenticated. This proof is cryptographically signed by Krypto Fin ry
  and stored on the blockchain. Merchants can request that proof from their 
  customers by redirecting them to the Authentication Plugin in (web) MofoWallet.

  The online plugin is beta software and is meant for demo purposes only!

  Sample redirect link:

  https://fimkrypto.github.io/mofo/launch.html#/authenticate/FIM-BA8U-LVXC-WBFT-49C4S/FIM-7CZJ-CVTH-F4XY-DMWEY/Bob/https://bobloans.com/auth.php?identifier=FIM-7CZJ-CVTH-F4XY-DMWEY
