Preview release.

Embeds FIMK 0.5.2 (based on NXT 1.5.10) and NXT-PLUS based on NXT 1.5.15.

Added about dialog, accessible from the settings menu. The dialog
displays the client version and build time and the server version when
running the embedded server.

Fixed the balance display for the logged in user in the top bar, balance now 
updates in real-time when you send or receive any type of transaction.

The build scripts now add the build time to the global auto-generated mode.js
settings file.

Changed the price chart to use the new server chart backend. This fixes 
the price chart bugs for low volume assets. Chart now has access to proper 
OHLC data. Investigations into d3.js will continue which will likely result
in a proper customized live updating/animated chart in the future.

New exclusive FIMK feature: 
  Gossip based chat.

Free decentralized encrypted chat based on the FIMK gossip protocol. Your
address is your chat handle. You can see which contacts are online (you must
confirm before your online status is shared) or when your contact starts typing.

Chat messages are wrapped in gossip messages (which are similar to transactions
but are not stored on the blockchain) and distributed over the FIMK network.
A lot of care is given in ensuring the gossip protocol is secure and does 
not affect the other data on the network.

When using the free chat feature messages are only stored in the memory of
your browser or desktop app, if desired individual messages can be deleted. 
Blockchain stored messages which will appear in the same message thread as 
your free messages giving users a fluent experience.

Of course like blockchain stored messages chat messages also support the full
set of emojis.

Note: to use the free chat feature you'll need to use your FIMK account we 
have not ported the functionality to be used with your NXT account (yet).

New FIMK feature:
  Decentralized Goods Store.

For some time the Digital Goods Store has been available in the FIMK server 
protocol but was lacking a front end in Lompsa. The Digital Goods Store is 
a NXT invention, details of which can be found here: 
https://wiki.nxtcrypto.org/wiki/Marketplace

Through our new UI users can now buy and sell items on the Marketplace through
Lompsa. The Lompsa Marketplace works for both FIMK and NXT accounts.

FIMK Marketplace features:

  - includes a URL callback service to notify the seller of a purchase
  - includes support for product images

The current implementation is a first fully functional prototype, expect it to
change considerably in the future.

Updated FIMK feature:
  Merchant Terminal. 

Sends an invoice as a URL, will forward users to hosted Lompsa. The idea is that
a merchant can request a payment in FIMK (or NXT which is also supported) by 
constructing a URL that contains the following items:

  - recipient address (in RS format FIM-DLVG-XSBG-NUVW-75VVM for instance)
  - amount (in NQT, 1 NQT equals 0.00000001 FIMK)
  - deadline (transaction deadline in blocks, between 1 and 1440)
  - description (shown to the user)
  - message (encrypted message that will be included with the payment)

Sample: https://www.mofowallet.com/launch.html#/merchant/FIM-DLVG-XSBG-NUVW-75VVM/500000000/1440/This%20is%20the%20description/This%20is%20the%20message

New FIMK feature:
  Shorter Finnish passphrase support

Instead of the standard twelve word English passphrases we have added support for
Finnish passphrases. Because there are over 7K words in the Finnish word list 
(instead of only 1600 in the English list) we can offer slightly greater 
(a few bits) passphrase strength while only using 10 Finnish words instead of 
12 English words. We are investigating if the same can be done for our English 
word list, also expect other languages to be supported in the future.

This version is build on nwjs 0.12.3 with removed support for pdf (lower download size).

Includes improved user provided translations for:
  - Polish
  - Bulgarian
  - Finnish

Thanks translators!