Mofowallet update

Supported coins and their embedded server versions:

 1. FIMK  0.3
 2. NXT   1.3.4

Major rewrite of the masspay plugin.

  Screenshots and tutorial: http://imgur.com/a/S91zS#0

  The mass pay plugin (tool to send multiple payments from a file) has had a major facelift.

  With this plugin you can create, sign, broadcast and verify multiple payments in one single 
  operation. If your computer crashes or this application was shutdown during a payments 
  operation upon startup you'll be able to pick up where you left off. After all payments 
  were broadcasted you'll be able to confirm that each transaction is actually in the blockchain. 
  Once all payments succeeded and all are in the blockchain you'll be notified of it's success.

  In order to determine if transactions are in the blockchain we calculate the transaction 
  fullHash client side. Since the broadcastTransaction API call cannot always return reliable 
  transaction status we are forced to rely on transaction fullHash instead of simply using 
  the transaction id.

  Payments are entered through a JSON file, two syntaxes are supported the dense and verbose 
  syntax. If you are sending payments to accounts without publickey please use the publish 
  format (account and public key separated by a : symbol).

Experimental AE order entry + cancellation

  This release includes an early draft UI for:

    1. create ask order
    2. create bid order
    3. cancel ask order
    4. cancel bid order
    5. list my ask orders
    6. list my bid orders
    7. account selector in AE
    8. displays account confirmed asset balance
    9. displays account unconfirmed asset balance

  It's a first draft and could have bugs still please don't use it for sending any serious
  amounts.

  We are working on a redesign of the AE in mofowallet, the redesign will consist of a new
  UI combined with native extensions to the FIM and NXT servers. The current standard NXT 
  API seems too limited to make a truly responsive exchange UI ontop of that API.
  To still keep MofoWallet compatible with FIMK and NXT our only way forward is to add 
  these new API calls to both FIMK server and NXT server.

  For this to work we are forced to start shipping a custom build embedded NXT server for
  future releases of MofoWallet.

Bug fixes

  Numerous smaller bug fixes have gone in this release.